README.md, before:

# EventHub1 - Student Event Platform

> Complete EventHub application with backend API and frontend interface

## Project info

**URL**: https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use **

Simply visit the [ Project](https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f) and start prompting.

Changes made via  will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in .

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with .

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [](https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f) and click on Share -> Publish.

## I want to use a custom domain - is that possible?

We don't support custom domains (yet). If you want to deploy your project under your own domain then we recommend using Netlify. Visit our docs for more details: [Custom domains](https://docs..dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain/)

Commit message:

Trigger deployment with environment variable

README.md, after:

# EventHub - Student Event Management Platform

A comprehensive event management platform designed for students to discover, create, and manage events.

## Features

- Event browsing and search
- User authentication and profiles
- Event creation and management
- Event registration system
- Mobile-responsive design

## Deployment Status
- ✅ Backend: Live on Render
- ✅ Frontend: Live on Vercel  
- ✅ Database: MongoDB Atlas

<!-- Deployment trigger comment -->

## Project info

**URL**: https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use **

Simply visit the [ Project](https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f) and start prompting.

Changes made via  will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in .

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with .

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [](https://.dev/projects/d77250ad-4f28-4af1-8097-36a3fe0cef1f) and click on Share -> Publish.

## I want to use a custom domain - is that possible?

We don't support custom domains (yet). If you want to deploy your project under your own domain then we recommend using Netlify. Visit our docs for more details: [Custom domains](https://docs..dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain/)
